for I considered all this in my heart so
for I considered all this in my heart so that I could declare it all but the
that I could declare it all but the
that I could declare it all but the righteous and the wise and their works
righteous and the wise and their works
righteous and the wise and their works are in the hand of God people know
are in the hand of God people know
are in the hand of God people know neither love nor hatred by anything they
neither love nor hatred by anything they
neither love nor hatred by anything they see before them all things come alike to
see before them all things come alike to
see before them all things come alike to all one event happens to the righteous
all one event happens to the righteous
all one event happens to the righteous and the wicked to the good the clean and
and the wicked to the good the clean and
and the wicked to the good the clean and the unclean to him who sacrifices and
the unclean to him who sacrifices and
the unclean to him who sacrifices and him who does not sacrifice as is the
him who does not sacrifice as is the
him who does not sacrifice as is the good so is the sinner he who takes an
good so is the sinner he who takes an
good so is the sinner he who takes an oath as he who fears an oath this is an
oath as he who fears an oath this is an
oath as he who fears an oath this is an evil in all that is done under the Sun
evil in all that is done under the Sun
evil in all that is done under the Sun that one thing happens to all truly the
that one thing happens to all truly the
that one thing happens to all truly the hearts of the sons of men are full of
hearts of the sons of men are full of
hearts of the sons of men are full of evil madness is in their hearts while
evil madness is in their hearts while
evil madness is in their hearts while they live and after that they go to the
they live and after that they go to the
they live and after that they go to the dead but for him who is joined to all
dead but for him who is joined to all
dead but for him who is joined to all the living there is hope for a living
the living there is hope for a living
the living there is hope for a living dog is better than a dead lion for the
dog is better than a dead lion for the
dog is better than a dead lion for the living know that they will die but the
living know that they will die but the
living know that they will die but the dead know nothing and they have no more
dead know nothing and they have no more
dead know nothing and they have no more reward for the memory of them is
reward for the memory of them is
reward for the memory of them is forgotten also their love their hatred
forgotten also their love their hatred
forgotten also their love their hatred and their Envy have now perished never
and their Envy have now perished never
and their Envy have now perished never more will they have a share in anything
more will they have a share in anything
more will they have a share in anything done under the Sun go eat your bread
done under the Sun go eat your bread
done under the Sun go eat your bread with joy and drink your wine with a
with joy and drink your wine with a
with joy and drink your wine with a merry heart for God has already accepted
merry heart for God has already accepted
merry heart for God has already accepted your works that your garments always be
your works that your garments always be
your works that your garments always be white and let your head lack know
live joyfully with the wife whom you
live joyfully with the wife whom you love all the days of your vain life
love all the days of your vain life
love all the days of your vain life which he has given you under the Sun all
which he has given you under the Sun all
which he has given you under the Sun all your days of vanity for that is your
your days of vanity for that is your
your days of vanity for that is your portion in life and in the labor which
portion in life and in the labor which
portion in life and in the labor which you perform under the Sun whatever your
you perform under the Sun whatever your
you perform under the Sun whatever your hand finds to do do it with your might
hand finds to do do it with your might
hand finds to do do it with your might for there is no work or device or
for there is no work or device or
for there is no work or device or knowledge or wisdom in the grave where
knowledge or wisdom in the grave where
knowledge or wisdom in the grave where you're going I returned and saw Under
you're going I returned and saw Under
you're going I returned and saw Under the Sun that the race is not to the
the Sun that the race is not to the
the Sun that the race is not to the Swift nor the battle to the strong nor
Swift nor the battle to the strong nor
Swift nor the battle to the strong nor bread to the wise nor riches to men of
bread to the wise nor riches to men of
bread to the wise nor riches to men of understanding nor favour to men of skill
understanding nor favour to men of skill
understanding nor favour to men of skill but time and chance happened to them all
but time and chance happened to them all
but time and chance happened to them all for man also does not know his time like
for man also does not know his time like
for man also does not know his time like fish taken in a cruel net like birds
fish taken in a cruel net like birds
fish taken in a cruel net like birds caught in a snare so the sons of men are
caught in a snare so the sons of men are
caught in a snare so the sons of men are snared in an evil time when it falls
snared in an evil time when it falls
snared in an evil time when it falls suddenly upon them this wisdom I have
suddenly upon them this wisdom I have
suddenly upon them this wisdom I have also seen under the Sun and it seemed
also seen under the Sun and it seemed
also seen under the Sun and it seemed great to me there was a little city with
great to me there was a little city with
great to me there was a little city with few men in it and a great king came
few men in it and a great king came
few men in it and a great king came against it besieged it and built great
against it besieged it and built great
against it besieged it and built great snares around it now there was found in
snares around it now there was found in
snares around it now there was found in it a poor wise man and he by his wisdom
it a poor wise man and he by his wisdom
it a poor wise man and he by his wisdom delivered the city yet no one remembered
delivered the city yet no one remembered
delivered the city yet no one remembered the same poor man
the same poor man
the same poor man then I said wisdom is better than
then I said wisdom is better than
then I said wisdom is better than strength nevertheless the poor man's
strength nevertheless the poor man's
strength nevertheless the poor man's wisdom is despised and his words are not
wisdom is despised and his words are not
wisdom is despised and his words are not heard words of the wise spoken quietly
heard words of the wise spoken quietly
heard words of the wise spoken quietly should be heard rather than the shouts
should be heard rather than the shouts
should be heard rather than the shouts of a ruler of fools wisdom is better
of a ruler of fools wisdom is better
of a ruler of fools wisdom is better than weapons of war but one sinner
than weapons of war but one sinner
than weapons of war but one sinner destroys much good
destroys much good
destroys much good [Music]